Uh I found it
Is that the man?
That's him!
You're right.
They had a reason for abandoning me in the first place
So I don't blame him.
That's good, that's good.
Just find it.
Just talk about it
And they paid me a lot of money to make it up to me.
So you don't have to worry about the surgery fee, Mom.
The hospital will arrange the surgery for you within three days.
It's true. It's true.
When did I lie to you?
You can take good care of it in the hospital.
Please keep these things for him for me.
I still have something to do first. I'm busy. Okay, let's go.
You can find your biological parents
Mom, even if you die, you will be at ease. What did you say, Mom?
Go then I'll go first
Go ahead, please!
Ah!
Sorry.
I can't be with you anymore
Quiet where are you
I want to respect you right now